Installation

From pip

The simplest way of installing this software with dependencies is to download the tarball and run: pip pyBoincPlotter-<version>.tar.gz where <version> is the newest version available. The project will be added to pip once it is a bit more stable.

With setup.py

Alternatively the usual python setup.py install should do the trick. Though you have to figure out the dependencies our-shelf.

No install

You don't actually need to install this package, simply run: python <path>/pyBoincPlotter/boinc.py instead of py-boinc-plotter

Configuration

py-boinc-plotter can merge information from both the project webpage and from the local boinc process. To read from the project webpage you need to first tell py-boinc-plotter your account information, where the password is stored securely by the keyring package. Note that this step is optional!

It is important to distinguish between projects attached to boinc and projects attached to py-boinc-plotter, one does not imply the other! py-boinc-plotter only does web crawling on projects you tell it about, using the --add option: py-boinc-plotter --add wuprop.boinc-af.org You will then be prompted for username (email address), password and userid. Userid is visible on the projects "Your account" page. If you want to change this information simply run the above command again, or edit the configuration file.

For worldcommunitygrid you will need your "Verification Code", you can find your "Verification Code" by going to worldcommunitygrid.org -> My Grid -> My Profile. Note that the password is stored securely by keyring, but the account key is stored as plain text in the configuration file. This does not configure boinc in any way, it simple gives py-boinc-plotter access to statistics on the given website.

To attach new projects to boinc use any of the standard methods, use an account manager, the BOINCManager gui or the command line boinccmd. As a shourtcut, the command --boinccmd="<>" can be used: py-boinc-plotter --add URL --boinccmd="project_attach URL auth" The first arguments tells py-boinc-plotter about the given project and the second attaches that project to boinc.

Please see py-boinc-plotter --help for more options
